
# IMPORTANT!!!

Before this plugin or menu item will work correctly with e107 you will need to rename the directory you're presented with to `dateplus_menu`. In most cases this can be done
inside the archieve program you use to decompress the tar/zipball.


# Date+ Menu

Displays the current date. If the day is a holiday it will display that as well.

## Am I missing a holiday?

If you notice a holiday that is missing feel free to [PM](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37) me and I'll get it added. For best results include a [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page) page.


# Userdays

Userdays are birthdays, gatherings, events, etc that can be created by you and be displayed in the menu area along with the date and any holiday.

In order to activate userdays you must rename the `userdays_example.php` file to `userdays.php`.

## userdays.php

Currently the most optimal way to add your custom events it by utilizing the `userday.php` file. Below is example userday:

	array(
		'name' => "septor's birthday",
		'month' => 2,
		'day' => 5,
		'dayspan' => '',
		'weekday' => '',
		'timestart' => '2314',
		'timeend' => '2359'
	),

The userday template is made up of 7 values. The `name`, `month`, and `day` values are all mandatory. The last four:  `dayspan`, `weekday`, `timestart`, and `timeend` are all optional.

An example holiday that would benefit from the `dayspan` and `weekday` values is Martin Luther King, Jr. Day since it's observed on the third Monday of January instead of on a set
day. Before I explain any further let's make Martin Luther King, Jr. Day a userday:

	array(
		'name' => "Martin Luther King, Jr. Day",
		'month' => 1,
		'day' => 14,
		'dayspan' => 22,
		'weekday' => 'Monday',
		'timestart' => '',
		'timeend' => ''
	),

Let's break this down some. We start off knowing that the holiday is on the third Monday of the month. Since this is the case two weeks need to pass therefor `day` needs to be greater
than 14. We don't want to go any further than three weeks, however, so the `dayspan` must be set to 22. Since the holiday falls on a Monday the `weekday` value needs to be set to Monday.

While the `timestart` and `timeend` values are optional, it is mandatory that they be used together. You can't use one without using the other. The values for each must be a time
in the 24-huur format **without** the semi-colon. Example: 2314 (11:14PM), 0706 (7:06AM).

If you have any questions related to the format feel free to [PM](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37) me and I'll help the best I can.


# Templates

The information displayed in the Date+ menu can be customized by editing the `dateplus_template.php` file inside the `e107_plugins/dateplus_menu/` folder.
Alternatively, you can save the `dateplus_template.php` file inside your theme folder and it will be changed on a per theme basis.

## Tags

The following tags are converted inside the template file:

* `%_DATE_%` → The current date: **Wednesday, November 17, 2010**
* `%_HOLIDAY_%` → The current day's holiday. *only works inside the **$HOLIDAYTEMPLATE** and **USERHOLIDAYTEMPALTE** variables*
* `%_USERDAY_%` → The current day's user created holiday. *only works inside the **$HOLIDAYTEMPLATE**, **USERDAYTEMPLATE**, and **USERHOLIDAYTEMPALTE** variables*